updating docs with more SkipJsonSchema info (#8171)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/concepts/fields.md

## Using `Annotated`

> The `Field` function can also be used together with `Annotated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Field` function can also be used together with [`Annotated`][annotated].
```

Reviewer: And add:

```markdown
[annotated]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/typing.html#typing.Annotated
```

> For versions of Python prior to 3.9, `typing_extensions.Annotated` can be used.

Reviewer: Why do you think we should mention `typing_extensions`?
```suggestion
```

I don't mind having it, but we may want to think about the other places in the documentation where we have analogous cases?

Author: Yeah, I'm fine with removing. If we see any issues crop up with people asking about import errors with `Annotated`, then we can do a more comprehensive change to the docs

    id: Annotated[str, Field(default_factory=lambda: uuid4().hex)]
```

> !!! note
>     Defaults can be set outside `Annotated` as the assigned value or with `Field.default_factory` inside `Annotated`.
>     The `Field.default` argument is not supported inside `Annotated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Defaults can be set outside [`Annotated`][annotated] as the assigned value or with [`Field.default_factory`][pydantic.fields.default_factory] inside [`Annotated`][annotated].
    The [`Field.default`][pydantic.fields.default] argument is not supported inside [`Annotated`][annotated].
```

Author: Done :)

## Customizing JSON Schema

> There are fields that exclusively to used to customise the generated JSON Schema:

Reviewer 2: still a bit wonky

```suggestion
Some fields are exclusively used to customise the generated JSON Schema:
```

"""
```

> Read more about JSON schema customization / modification in the [Modifying JSON Schema] section of the JSON schema docs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read more about JSON schema customization / modification in the [Customizing JSON Schema] section of the JSON schema docs.
```

[frozen dataclass documentation]: https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html#frozen-instances
[Validate Assignment]: models.md#validate-assignment
[Serialization]: serialization.md#model-and-field-level-include-and-exclude

> [Customizing JSON Schema]: json_schema.md#modifying-the-schema

Reviewer 2: This link appears to be incorrect

> [Customizing JSON Schema]: json_schema.md#modifying-the-schema

Reviewer 2: This link appears to be incorrect, I think this is the correct link

```suggestion
[Customizing JSON Schema]: json_schema.md/#customizing-json-schema
```

Author: Fixed with my most recent commit
